(1.1) :  Hello Team, In Production Portmas application, The Name Change Date & Termination Date are acceptiong before the Launch Date of the Fund. 
(1.3) :  The fund should not allow to the Fund Name Change, if Fund Name change Date chosen as before the launch Date. 
(3.1) :  Hi, Added the rest of the validations in staging. 
(4.1) :  Hello Pooja, Thanks for fixing the requested Scenarios. 
(4.2) :  As per my testing, Identified couple of unexpected behaviours. 
(4.3) :  Below are the details. 
(4.4) :  1) Name Change Date(Old Filed) is accepting Future Name Change Date. 
(4.5) :  Expected Behaviour: It should allow only today and Older dates(Note: not older than Launch Date) but not the Future date as Already separate Button added to portmas as part Enhancement. 
(4.6) :  Please find the below screeshot for better understanding. 
(4.9) :  Current behaviour: Able to terminate the fund for Future date by choosing Liquidation as Permanant & Temporary. 
(4.10) :  Temporary Termination - Future Date Permanent Termination - Future Date Note: If the Researcher by mistake chosen permanent with Future Date, Its terminating immedately instaed of Future Date. 
(4.12) :  Requesting to fix those two unexpected behaviours too! 
(5.1) :  Hello @PoojaSreekanthKaradgi , I have tested in FDS App V2 - Staging for the Name change date and Termination dates issue. 
(5.2) :  I have tested the below scenarios and all are working as expected. 
(5.3) :  Name Change Dates: 1) For Name changes it is not accepting the dates older than Launch date and giving an error message - Fixed 2) For funds without Launch date it is taking 01/01/1960 as default and it is accepting name change dates from 01/01/1960 - Fixed 3) For Future Name changes it is not accepting the dates older than today's date - Fixed Termination Dates: For Termination dates portmas is considering Launch date and DLR as criteria. 
(5.4) :  1) Portmas is not allowing us to terminate the fund with date before launch date - Fixed 2) If the Fund is having DLR the tool will accept termination date after the DLR date - Fixed 3) For future terminations the tool is not accepting report date older than today's date. 
(5.5) :  - Fixed Please find the attached testing document for your reference. 
(5.6) :  Can we please deploy the changes into production. 
(6.1) :  Thank you very much @PoojaSreekanthKaradgi for the quick help! 
(6.3) :  @RameshPujari Please go through testing and provide detailed feedback result in RPD. 
(7.1) :  Hi @YoonJeongRozain , Portmas is deployed only in FDS App V2. 
(8.1) :  @PoojaSreekanthKaradgi Before start testing, just to make sure, could you please confirm in which enviroment we can go for testting? 
(9.1) :  Hello April & @NagarajuBodanapu , Fixed this in Staging. 
(10.1) :  @RavinderAleti , As discussed, could you please help to look into this problem in Portmas? 
(10.2) :  We're currently going through various testing processes related with Portmas, so we'd be thankful if the issue could be fixed as soon as possible, in order to make some further testing process (It is Medium but High priority for us). 
(10.3) :  Thank you in advance for the help on this. 
